cli/tests/snapshots/README.md, before:

# Snapshots for `arithmetic-parser` CLI

This document lists all snapshots used in E2E testing the `arithmetic-parser` CLI,
with a brief explanation what each snapshot does.

Snapshots for REPL mode (`eval -i` command) are described in [a separate file](repl/README.md).

## Basics

### AST parsing

![AST parsing](ast.svg)

The `ast` command outputs the parsed AST of the arithmetic block
(of which expression is a partial case). So far, this is just a pretty-printed
`Debug` implementation for the `Block` data type.

### Simple expressions

![Simple expressions](simple.svg)

Expressions / blocks can be evaluated with the `eval` command.

### Functions

![Functions](functions.svg)

Functions are first-class! Beside being called, functions can be used as values
themselves.

## AST errors

![AST errors](errors-ast.svg)

If parsing an expression / block fails, this is the kind of errors that will be returned,
both for `ast` and `eval` commands.

## Evaluation errors

### Basic evaluation errors

![Basic evaluation errors](errors-basic.svg)

Some errors, such as missing variables, or incorrect function calls, are common
to all supported arithmetics.

### Integer errors

![Integer errors](errors-int.svg)

The integer arithmetics are checked by default, meaning that some operations will
lead to an error (rather than a panic or an incorrect result).

### Errors with call trace

![Error with simple call trace](errors-call-trace.svg)

![Error with complex call trace](errors-complex-call-trace.svg)

If an error occurs within an interpreted function, the call trace will be displayed.

![Error with native call trace](errors-native-call-trace.svg)

This includes the case when some functions in the call chain are native
(like `fold` in the snapshot above).

## Typing errors

![Typing errors](errors-typing.svg)

If the `--types` flag is enabled, typing checks will be performed before evaluation.
The report spans are WIP, but in most cases, it is possible to get a general idea
of the error cause.

![Typing checks are exhaustive](errors-typing-multiple.svg)

Unlike with the "raw" evaluation mode, typing errors are *exhaustive*; the typing
logic will attempt to find all errors in the evaluated code.

Commit message:

Use standard prototype vars in CLI crate
...instead of global functions (or in addition to them
in case of number functions).

cli/tests/snapshots/README.md, after:

# Snapshots for `arithmetic-parser` CLI

This document lists all snapshots used in E2E testing the `arithmetic-parser` CLI,
with a brief explanation what each snapshot does.

Snapshots for REPL mode (`eval -i` command) are described in [a separate file](repl/README.md).

## Basics

### AST parsing

![AST parsing](ast.svg)

The `ast` command outputs the parsed AST of the arithmetic block
(of which expression is a partial case). So far, this is just a pretty-printed
`Debug` implementation for the `Block` data type.

### Simple expressions

![Simple expressions](simple.svg)

Expressions / blocks can be evaluated with the `eval` command.

### Functions

![Functions](functions.svg)

Functions are first-class! Beside being called, functions can be used as values
themselves.

### Standard prototypes

![Standard prototypes](prototypes.svg)

Standard prototypes can be accessed via `Array` and `Num` variables. Functions
in these prototypes can be called as using `::` call syntax for brevity,
e.g., `Array::map(..)`.

## AST errors

![AST errors](errors-ast.svg)

If parsing an expression / block fails, this is the kind of errors that will be returned,
both for `ast` and `eval` commands.

## Evaluation errors

### Basic evaluation errors

![Basic evaluation errors](errors-basic.svg)

Some errors, such as missing variables, or incorrect function calls, are common
to all supported arithmetics.

### Integer errors

![Integer errors](errors-int.svg)

The integer arithmetics are checked by default, meaning that some operations will
lead to an error (rather than a panic or an incorrect result).

### Errors with call trace

![Error with simple call trace](errors-call-trace.svg)

![Error with complex call trace](errors-complex-call-trace.svg)

If an error occurs within an interpreted function, the call trace will be displayed.

![Error with native call trace](errors-native-call-trace.svg)

This includes the case when some functions in the call chain are native
(like `fold` in the snapshot above).

## Typing errors

![Typing errors](errors-typing.svg)

If the `--types` flag is enabled, typing checks will be performed before evaluation.
The report spans are WIP, but in most cases, it is possible to get a general idea
of the error cause.

![Typing checks are exhaustive](errors-typing-multiple.svg)

Unlike with the "raw" evaluation mode, typing errors are *exhaustive*; the typing
logic will attempt to find all errors in the evaluated code.
